"Innovation will save the world..."
I have read this sentence in your portal and I find myself in agreement with it.


I'm Marco from Italy (Udine) and I'm writing to you because I know it's difficult to find skilled professionals in the technical field, so I think you might find this email useful for your current projects and ideas...
Maybe I'm right. Maybe I'm wrong. Let's find out!


WHO WE ARE
A Team of professionals in the technology sector. We are Designers, Frontend Developers, Backend Developers, Mechanical and Electronic Designers... With experience in designing and developing software solutions and prototypes at a high innovative level.

OUR GOAL
Starting from an Idea or Project, the aim is to develop the Product (prototype, MVP or complete product) in a short, precise and agreed timeframe.

HOW WE WORK
We work in Agile mode, we develop through successive Iterations and at each iteration we present, ready for acceptance testing, a usable prototype.

A CASE STUDY
We first met by competing in the biotech field in the creation of a cellular bioreactor. Starting with the collection of the main requirements, we contributed to the drafting of the design documents and the development of the first prototypes. We would like to tell a linear and smooth story, but reality dictates that the obstacles to overcome were many and difficult to manage: not least, the Pandemic. Despite everything, we can tell you that the Bioreactor is now a reality and is currently and concretely being used in the medical field.
Here you can see how our Bioreactor is concretely used in cancer trials: https://www.vivabiocell.it/news/#news_27

ABOUT ME
My name is Marco and I'm an experienced Web developer (10+ years), attached you can find my CV.


I am available for a meeting (in person or remotely) to discuss the needs and mutual goals in depth, to see if a mutually beneficial collaboration can be established.

I look forward to your feedback (positive or negative) to this email and greet you cordially.

Have a good day.
Marco Pavan
(+39) 329.5698985
marco@progweb.it